[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i am going to recap the story of
fractured 2019 film
[Music]
the story starts with the main character
named ray who is seen seated in the car
with his family
he has his wife and daughter with him
they are returning back to their house
they had visited rey's parents from
where they are traveling to their house
ray and his wife are discussing the
aroused clashes in their conjugal life
because they have some matrimonial
issues at the same time
rey's daughter tells her need to go to
lavatory
they stop their car driving to the
nearer gas station for it
so that they may relax returning back
from laboratory
she forgets her pocket mirror somewhere
rey's wife moves to lavatory for this
mirror's search while rey seeks it at
the back seat of the car
rey is busy in searching meanwhile a
stray dog advances towards rey's
daughter
coming at the front it barks leaving
ray's daughter frightened
he begins to move backward there is a
pit
noticing dog ray throws a stone scaring
it
so the dog may run but rey's daughter
has fallen into that pit in this
commotion
ray also jumps into that pit to save his
daughter without thinking of the
consequences
and his head gets injured his wife has
also arrived there tilde time
rey's worried wife descends to that pit
calmly after noticing it
she is seen checking the wounds of her
daughter meanwhile
rey also restores his senses lifting
their daughter
they leave that pit the hand of rey's
daughter is injured severely
they decide to take her at the nearby
hospital
covering a few miles they reach the
hospital they meet with a doctor there
who tells
rey your daughter's hand has fractured
hand will be plastered but ct of head is
required of your daughter taking it as
precautions
so that it may be assured that the head
has not received any injury
the place of head scanning is in the
basement ray sends his wife with his
daughter to the basement for checkup
while he sleeps in the waiting area
because he is very tired waking up after
an hour he asks the hospital staff
may he meet with his wife and daughter
because a time has passed
checking the register hospital staff
inform rey that there is no
record in the register or computer of
your told name
it means there is neither the name of
your wife nor daughter
the duty time of many doctors of the
hospital has been changed and nurse
staff members are still the same as
before
a nurse tells rey came to hospital alone
no one was accompanied him
otherwise rey had a head injury i had
also treated his head injury
rey has got furious in worried condition
hospital security
guards restrain him seeing it and sedate
him in order to keep him calm and stop
him for creating disturbance
afterwards rey is locked into a room
coming into sense from that given drug's
intoxication he runs outside
leaving the room stopping two police
officers while gesticulating he reveals
to them this happened incident in
details
at last he convinces the police officers
to investigate
police officer proceeds for further
investigation
coming into the hospital again with him
it is revealed
ray was really came alone not
accompanying with his any member of
family
ray tells we were at the gas station
where my daughter accidentally fell into
the pit he also reveals rest of details
police officer decided to investigate
going to the gas station
they may get any clue police officers
and ray have reached the gas station
together
when they notice the pit where rey's
daughter got injured falling there
according to rey
they tried to arrest rey because that
pit was blood-stained
and it was coming under suspicion that
much blood cannot be wasted only through
falling down
and it cannot cause many stains ray
grabs the police office's guns as they
are about to arrest him
he locks them into the gas station so
that they may not chase him
now gunn is in rey's possession he moves
to the hospital in search of his
daughter and wife
rey is suspecting his hospital staff
will have hidden his family so they
smuggled their body organs
taking them out illegally or donate
their organs to other patients
forcefully
he reaches the hospital after a while
disputing with the security
he moves in the basement he glimpses of
her daughter whose body organs are
nearly to be taken out
there is also his wife along with her
she is in sedation
he comes outside from the operation
theater taking his wife and daughter
he fires his gun on the doctors while
going and all leave
sitting in the car the climax of story
arises when it is known that rey's
family was dead falling into the pit
which was nearby at the gas station
his daughter herself fell down being
scared from the dog while his wife is
pushed by rey himself
and she falls on the pointed thing which
causes her death
it means both deaths had been occurred
on that gas station
and their dead bodies were placed in the
back bonnet of the car
he himself placed them all happenings in
the hospitals as he said
i did not come alone blaming the
hospital staff
and asked the help from police by ray it
was his psyche problem which refers to
the mental disorder
his conscience and the subconscious mind
were not cooperating with each other
whereas he himself has murdered but his
mind is already making up a story
so he denies of his murdering rey is a
psycho patient and he is thinking this
story himself while he himself was the
murderer
finally it is known that she is a
serious patient who was taken by him
considering his family member
and she also loses her life please
express your feedback in the comment
section if you like the explanation
thanks for watching